[Intro]
[What inspired you to pursue graphic design?]
Back in High-School I was given a chance to create a t-shirt design for a volley-ball tournament we where hosting,
and since then I decided I wanted to become a graphic designer.
[What influences your work as a designer?]
I think other designers influenced my work. I tend to look on social media and Reddit and stuff and find really cool work,
and I think it drives me to become better.
[What is your dream studio/company to work with?]
I don't really have a dream company slash studio. It'd be cool to work for a team franchise or something like that,
like a sports franchise. Other than that, I'd be happy to work for any company or studio.
[What is your unique selling point as a designer?]
My unique selling point would be that I learn skills really quickly.
I pride myself in being able to learn a lot of different things for different programs and being good at it.
[What was your favourite class?]
My favourite class would have to be computer graphics. It's what I like doing the most and what I'm best at, and I thought it was really fun.
[Favourite font? What font describes your personality?]
My favourite font would be "Roboto". It's what I've been using the most lately. I find it matches my personality and my brand a lot.
And I've noticed that it works well with a lot of different brands.
[Where do you see yourself in 5 years?]
In five years. I don't really see, I don't know. I don't see myself that far ahead and I just see myself being,
I guess, a successful graphic designer doing well in my field.
[What other passion and hobbies do you have?]
Are there passion and hobbies. I'd say I love playing hockey. Uh, I love fishing even though I don't go all that often.
And of course, I'd have to say video games.
[What are some great things you've done to adapt to the work/school away from home life?]
Some of the great things I've adapted from, I guess, would just be being independent. Um, I've learned how to cook since I've left home.
Other than that, nothing has really changed for me. COVID, hasn't really made that huge of a dent in my lifestyle. So yeah.
[What does graphic design mean to you?]
I think graphic design to me means being able to share a message with your audience, with your creativity.
[What is your favourite adobe application to work with?]
And my favourite application would have to be, originally, I think I'd say Photoshop, but now I think I'd say after effects,
just because it's something new to me and I really love what I'm learning on it.
[Outro]